Update test suite docs (#143)
EESSI/docs: docs/test-suite/installation-configuration.md

    * CPU autodetection only worked when using a clone of the ReFrame repository, _not_ when it was installed
      with `pip` or `EasyBuild` (as is also the case for the ReFrame shipped with EESSI)
      (see [ReFrame issue #2914](https://github.com/reframe-hpc/reframe/issues/2914)).
  

#### Installing ReFrame test library (`hpctestlib`)

The EESSI test suite requires that the ReFrame test library (`hpctestlib`) is available, which is currently not included in a standard installation of ReFrame.

> We recommend installing ReFrame using [EasyBuild](https://easybuild.io/) (version 4.8.1, or newer), or using a ReFrame installation that is available in EESSI (pilot version 2023.06, or newer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend installing ReFrame using [EasyBuild](https://easybuild.io/) (version 4.8.1, or newer), or using a ReFrame installation that is available in the EESSI repository (version 2023.06, or newer).
```

For example (using EESSI):

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
source /cvmfs/software.eessi.io/versions/2023.06/init/bash
module load ReFrame/4.3.3
```
```

Author: Well spotted.
